#   36team4

2020/08/10

##  Developer Reports

###  Jayson

-   Activity/accomplishments since last scrum
    -   Helped Derek with completing ResultEntity
    -   Modified GUI for the voter homepage
-   Planned activity before next scrum
    -   Identify if voter has voted or not
-   Obstacles/Issues
    -   Deciding whether or not to store the voter's answer as a string

###  Zheng Nian

-   Activity/accomplishments since last scrum
    -   Return one published ballot instead of a list
-   Planned activity before next scrum
    -   Refactoring code in logic facade layer to remove for loops usage
    -   Getting the results of the votings from the auditor view
    -   Implement the functions whether a specific voter has voted
    -   Complete class diagram
-   Obstacles/Issues
    -   Overview of class in logic layer

###  Nicholas

-   Activity/accomplishments since last scrum
    -   Completed front end of election oficial
    -   Took care of duplicate entity check for position
    -   Refactored DRY violation in front end  
-   Planned activity before next scrum
    -   Take care of duplicate keyword in eleciton oficial
    -   Display of auditor for the voter that has voted
    -   Display the overall result of candiates in the overview
-   Obstacles/Issues
    -   N/A

###  Derek

-   Activity/accomplishments since last scrum
    -   Completed class to store the results of voters
    -   Implemented tests in the database populator for result entity
-   Planned activity before next scrum
    -   Get vote from GUI and store it in database.
-   Obstacles/Issues
    -   N/A


##  Issues

-   Started since last scrum:
    -   Functionality to view all of the available questions for voter
    -   Functionality to retrieve ballot results.
    -   Add functionality to publish ballot so voter can vote.   
-   Completed since last scrum:
    -   Complete backend logic for publishing & editing a ballot.  
        -   Close? Y
    -   Functionality for voter not to vote
        -   Close? Y
    -  Ability to view the voting results for each candidate and overall candidates
       -    Close? N 
-   Any removed from backlog?
       -    No
-   Any added to backlog? Why?
       -    No
##  Other topics

-   N/A
