#   (ElectronicVoting-2 / Voting System 36team4)

August 5, 2020

## Sprint 1 Review/Retrospective and Sprint 2 Planning Meeting

### Sprint 1 Review/Retrospective

-   What did we accomplish?
    - The basic GUI of the voting application
    - Creating accounts
      - voters sign up
      - authentication method for voters
      - function to get the authentication number in case the voter forget
    - Creating ballots
      - Add a new empty ballot
      - Edit an existing ballot by adding or deleting some of the question
    - Class diagram for the application flow
    - Updated readme for sprint 1

-   What didn't we accomplish?
    - Ability to view the voting results for each candidate and overall candidates
    - Functionality for voter not to vote

-   What were the unexpected obstacles and opportunities?
    - TableView and ListView to display on GUI (Haven't solved)
    - Need to distinguish between position and proposition in VoteCategory.
    - Issues of retaining information when logging out
    - Naming convention
    - Having troubles in deciding unique id for VoterCart

-   What should we keep doing?
    - Keep having daily meeting

-   What should we stop doing?
    - N/A

-   What should we start doing or do differently?
    - A more detail user stories
    - Class diagram before coding

### Sprint 2 Planning Meeting

-   Identify sprint goal
    - Have all required Functionality in the application

-   What backlog items are in this sprint?
    - Publish the ballot so that the voter is able to vote
    - Implementing the function to prohibit the voter votes more than once
    - Able to view all the proposition and ballots
    - Able to end a ballot for voters to obtain results
    - Ability to manage ballots after sign up into election official
    - Ability to review the selected vote for voters

-   Prepare sprint backlog
    -   Assign Sprint 2 Issues to `sprint 2` milestone

### Checklist to close-out Sprint 1

No later than 5pm CDT (UTC-5) on August 5:

-   [yes] Make sure project is ready for Sprint 1 grading:
    -   [yes] Code compiles and runs
    -   [yes] Any special instructions are in `README.md`
    -   [yes] Class diagram reflects your system at end of Sprint 1
    -   [yes] Close any remaining Issues that can be closed
        -   Leave open any Issues from the Sprint 1 backlog that
            are not yet complete
-   [yes] Merge Sprint 1 material into Master branch
-   [yes] Tag material that concludes Sprint 1 as `sprint_1`
