#   36team4

2020/08/01

##  Developer Reports

###  Jayson

-   Activity/accomplishments since last scrum
    -   Completed Authentication method for voter login and create voter
    -   Wrote backend test and database test for Voter methods.
-   Planned activity before next scrum
    -   Started working on implementing the functionality to allow voters to vote in ballot
    -   Implement TableView in frontend
-   Obstacles/Issues
    -   N/A

###  Nicholas

-   Activity/accomplishments since last scrum
    -   Completed GUI for application
    -   Successfully linked ballot from backend to logic facade to frontend
-   Planned activity before next scrum
    -   Display ballot to allow voter to view the voterCart
    -   Adding new instance for everytime when it is switched to LoginVoterController
-   Obstacles/Issues
    -   Unable to handle duplicate key (ballot name) when switching screens
    -   Issues of retaining information when logging out (due to pure switchScreen method)

###  Zheng Nian

-   Activity/accomplishments since last scrum
    -   Created VoteCart builder and VoteCart interface
    -   Implemented VoteCart into votingLogic and Backend
-   Planned activity before next scrum
    -   Solve the returning issue of ballot in Backend
    -   Display TableView when reviewing ballot
-   Obstacles/Issues
    -   Refactor subject to questions, option to answers and VoteCategory class to VoteCart class for easier understanding

###  Derek

-   Unable to attend meeting due to moving house. Does not have internet connection due to absence of modem and routers.
-   However, he has reached out to us on Discord and trying to solve his personal issue as soon as possible, so he can get on track with our sprint.

##  Issues

-   Started since last scrum:
	-	Implement required functionalities for BallotEntity
	-	Implement methods to calculate result
-   Completed since last scrum:
	-	Create Auditor and voter GUI
	    -	Close? Y
	-	Implement required functionalities for VoterEntity
	    -	Close? Y
    -   Created VoterEntity, BallotEntity
        -   Close? Y
    -   Created Login & signup GUI
        -   Close? Y
-   Any removed from backlog?
	- No
-   Any added to backlog? Why?
	- Yes, implementation of authentication method when voter login is added
	    -   Authentication method should be in Sprint 2, but the effort to implement authentication method is relatively small, hence, moved it to sprint 1

##  Other topics
-   Sprint 2
	- Create Auditor and Election official entity
