#   36team4

2020/07/31

##  Developer Reports

###  Jayson

-   Activity/accomplishments since last scrum
    -   Completed VoterEntity and its corresponding classes.
    -   Added VoterEntity data into DatabasePopulator.
-   Planned activity before next scrum
    -   Create VoterBuilder.
    -   Connecting VoterBuilder and its logic facade's function into frontend.
-   Obstacles/Issues
    -   Decided to solely use SSN for user id. Use a random generated code for authentication, adding a field into VoterEntity.

###  Nicholas

-   Activity/accomplishments since last scrum
    -   Completed GUI for login page and signup page for voter.
    -   Added GUI for auditor to check if a specific voter voted and to check statistic (but not connecting to logic layer yet).
	-	Added GUI for election official to add new positions and propositions into a ballot.
-   Planned activity before next scrum
    -   Create an additional page for adding/editing a ballot and link them to logic facade
    -   Add name TextField into login page
-   Obstacles/Issues
    -   Decided that voters just need to enter name and authentication code (auto-generated number when first signup) to login.
    -   Signup process for voter and (auditor and election official) need to be separated.
	-	Need to have ability to edit exisiting ballot.

###  Zheng Nian

-   Activity/accomplishments since last scrum
    -   Completed BallotEntity and all its corresponding classes (including subclasses and BallotBuilder) and their functionalities.
    -   Added ballot related methods into logic and backend facade.
	-	Added BallotEntity and VoteCategory data into DatabasePopulator.
-   Planned activity before next scrum
    -   Separate vote subject between position and proposition. Add methods for auto-generating proposition number.
    -   Add VoteCategoryBuilder and link them to logic and backend facades.
-   Obstacles/Issues
    -   Need to distinguish between position and proposition in VoteCategory.

###  Derek

-   (Unable to attend meeting due to moving house. Class diagram has pushed into development branch. Will discuss in discord after submitting this meeting minute.)

##  Issues

-   Started since last scrum:
    -   Create VoterEntity, BallotEntity
	-	Implement required functionalities for VoterEntity
	-	Implement required functionalities for BallotEntity
    -   Create Login & signup GUI
	-	Create Auditor and voter GUI
	-	Implement methods to calculate result
-   Completed since last scrum:
    -   Created VoterEntity, BallotEntity
        -   Close? Y
    -   Created Login & signup GUI
        -   Close? Y
-   Any removed from backlog?
	- No
-   Any added to backlog? Why?
	- No

##  Other topics

-   Sprint 2
	- Create Auditor and Election official entity
